as you can see with a hairstyle
makeup and everything because I have time and
I'm doing it with a second video
for the channel so I hope that they
like you got me and good and today with
the month of October shopping tell them
that does not suit makeup and achieve
show this month is only clothes that
I hope you like it and the shops
like to see hall of clothes I invite you to
channel I have a lot more other videos
that you create your own nail design
colored make-up makeup and
so so so let's
start with this video you'll be good
started with two pants that bought me
the first one is this but yes I am super
thin so if my body goes into
this hard action first here and good
I bought myself this is a is it does not have
this design as blue tones and
as you can see
It is normal
it's like that and good is a bit of the track
where it came out 200 pesos if I'm not wrong
and good and for day to day
be wherever you go to use it well
no more
and good is this then the other thing that
I bought that 5 I say love in love
but really in love is this
that's beautiful
He is a fat man with whom I love him
recontra uc and now that there are many
many designs
and that cost the same thing
exactly 240 pesos in cost and it 's
well and good the truth that I like a lot
this final design we went through the
maids that I bought in the first one is
this is so I now liked the
arito
and the very colorful design free all
many details of the closure that now that
it's great it 's 110 it cost me if I do not
wrong and good now that it is a fabric
very cool also for the summer and I
he liked too much this shirt
the customer that buys is this one that I think
that I got 80 pesos or less that is
is
that is translucent a little bit not
too exaggerated a little bit but if
the front and the back
shiver the distance of the vote there with these
little buttons
and now
this other first one that is I bought it
to use the long back and
forward stuck inside a short of
chili in a house of whatever I think
General moment is how you want all
be out
a star
quite big as you can see but it's for
use inside of pants and back
in this cut this mode
look here I liked it a lot too
and well that has been everything I bought
to that I think that also at 486 pesos or 90
there we have girls in all
like doors I made in the Nestor
understands clothes I hope you have them
liked what's in your comment here
below see you in the next video
I do not all love them too much
thank you very much for all the love
that gives on facebook are the best
the best I 'll see you in the next
country video